Don't think your dead father has it
You can ride on my head and do whatever you want
Dare to hit my man
I will torture you to the point of death
warmth
You remember me.
You are a dog raised by our Mu family
Start today.
Until Qingqing married Lu Jingsheng
You have to treat me like a dog
I've sent someone to take care of your bitch mother
If you dare to show your bitch tail
Your mother
must die
I'm waiting for your request, please don't hurt me?
Get out of here
Mom is warm
That little bitch
Don't you like to seduce men the most?
Then we'll let him seduce enough
What do you mean?
Find some men and take him there.
Take more pictures
Then I will send it to Lu Jingxing to take a look.
He will only be more
Do this
Mom will solve it for you.
Then I'll go to the bar to celebrate first
I'll wait for the good news from my mother.